# Todo App with State Management

Implement a simple todo app with the state management pattern.

An implementation example can be found [here](https://bootcamp-todo-app.stackblitz.io/).

## Features

There the functions are sorted by priority.

### Display todos

You start by displaying the todos of your application state in a list.

- [ ] Add a default todo to your application state (so that the list you want to display is not empty) 
- [ ] Use a list to display all todos of your application state

### Add new todos

You will now add a function to add new tasks to your list.

- [ ] Add an input field and a button that you can use to add new tasks 
- [ ] Trailing spaces should be truncated from the todo input 
- [ ] A todo entity has two properties: the description and an ID 
- [ ] The description is text that indicates what the task is about 
- [ ] The ID property uniquely identifies each todo 
- [ ] The ID property should be generated by you (e.g., with a counter variable or by generating an ID based on the current time)

### Local Storage

Every time you reload your app, the status and ToDo's are gone - too bad - we should change that.

- [ ] Use local storage to save the current state of the app when it changes 
- [ ] Every time the ToDo app is reloaded, the last known state should be loaded from local storage


### Completed status of todos

You will now implement a function that indicates whether a ToDo is still open or already done.

- [ ] Add a done property to the todo entity 
- [ ] The done property is a boolean value that indicates if a todo is done or not 
- [ ] Use a checkbox for the done property in the list.
- [ ] When the checkbox of a todo is changed, the status of the corresponding todo is updated

### Duplicate verification

Let's get rid of duplicates - you will now implement a function that prohibits duplicate tasks in your list.

- [ ] Do not allow duplicate ToDo descriptions (e.g. two ToDos with the description "Learn JavaScript")
- [ ] The duplicate check is not case sensitive


###  filter todos

Since filtering is a good feature, you will introduce it now.

- [ ] Add a filter that allows to display either "all tasks", "open tasks" or "completed tasks".
- [ ] Use radio buttons to display the filters


### Remove completed todos

You will now add a function that removes completed tasks from your list.

- [ ] Adding a Remove Completed Tasks button that removes all completed tasks from the list